docs : Added note about DB performance to LDAP (#4027)
mattermost/docs: source/administration/config-settings.rst

| This feature's ``config.json`` setting is ``"SyncIntervalMinutes": 60`` with numerical input.                                                                        |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. note::

>   Because LDAP syncs cause a large number of database read queries you should monitor database load during a sync to determine how often these syncs should happen in your environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  LDAP syncs cause a large number of database read queries. Ensure that you monitor database load during a sync to determine how often these syncs should happen in your environment in order to minimize performance degradation.
```
